All right, so
now we're going to go ahead and
install the image onto the microSD card.
First thing you want to do is
make sure you have your SD card.
And now we're gonna go into the screen.
>> So first of all, you wanna do to check
what your current existing partitions
are is to enter the command mount.
>> Now, here what you wanna do is
go ahead and put in your SD card.
And go ahead and type mount again so you
can know which partition is the SD card so
you don't accidentally
overwrite your own hard drive.
In our case it's gonna be /dev/disk2s1.
>> So
after you find out what the location is,
you want to enter the command sudo umount,
and
then follow it up with the directory or
the path to the SD card,
and pressing Enter.
Now for some instances, you might get
an error such as this, and if you do
receive this error, you want to go ahead
and follow the command that they suggest.
So, we're gonna do sudo diskutil unmount,
and
then the following directory for
for disk2s1.
Now upon entering that command we can
check to see whether or not its been
unmounted by typing the command mount and
as you can see its back to normal.
Additionally if you saw on
Randy's screen the SD card image
on his desktop disappeared which is also
an indication that it's been unmounted.
So now what we're gonna do is
we wanna flash the microSD
card with the android image.
So the command for
that would be sudo, dd and
then you want to specify the if
option to be to equal to
the android image path.
So, we called it AndroidImage.
And then you want to flash it onto the of
which is going to equal to /dev/disk 2.
And lastly you want to specify the BS
option so we're gonna say bs is=2M.
And if you get an error such as this,
just change the M from
an upper case to a lower case.
So now the screen or rather, the laptop is
now flashing the image onto the SD card.
And this may take a while, so sit back and
hold on tight while this
kind of does it's own thing.
So after the Android image was flashed,
a pop up like this should come up.
Now you don't want to immediately
click on any of the options yet,
because there's another command
that we're gonna want to do.
So we're gonna want to type the command
sync, and once that command's done,
we can then eject the SD card.
Here, Andy's gonna take the SD card out.
And we're good, so stay tuned.
In the next section we'll show you
how to flip the proper switches on in
the back of the DragonBoard,
as well as how to install the new Android
operating system into the DragonBoard.